DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/transactions/transaction-traces/transaction-traces-database-queries-page.mdx

  - APM
  - Transactions
  - Transaction traces

> metaDescription: 'In APM, transaction traces can include database query data, which gives you deeper insight into performance issues.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: In APM, transaction traces can include database query data, which gives you deeper insight into performance issues.
```
